collaboration is we all come together it
doesn't matter if you have a PhD behind
your name or if you have a bachelor's
degree a BS behind your name it doesn't
matter you come to the table as equals
so you're an equal participant in your
own learning and that I think is key
also our program really stresses
reflection self-reflection and I don't
mean ok you're going to look at at
yourself personally in your family or
any of that stuff but you're looking
you're reflecting on your own practice
how can you be better at your job how
can you be a better teacher what can I
do in my own classroom to improve my
classroom that's a self-reflection part
that is so important in our program we
work hard to build the community but any
teacher knows that unless you have a
community in place learning is going to
suffer and so we start with that
dimension we're taking to the university
level what all of us in pre k-12 doing
our classrooms or aspire to do and
that's to build the community to
establish relationships get people
working together and then to take it
from there so is there some of what you
would say is touchy feely absolutely yes
and I would say it's essential if you're
if you're going to have people at any
age learn all that they can learn and be
all they can be the other part is
because we're together for two whole
years you're going to get to know the
people in your in your group very well
and if you're going to be learning and
experiencing the way you should be and
we want you to be you're going to have
to have have some of those barriers
pulled down so that you have the
community built so will we spend some
time working on having fun together and
learning about each other and learning
how to get along with each other
absolutely but that's the starting basis
that's like the rumble on the floor and
everything else happens all the dancing
on the rug you know happens above and
beyond that as a facilitator I'd say I
want to know who you are tell me about
you and we're going to have a whole lot
of fun doing a whole lot of work for a
group of great
people and that's the children so the
idea of personal relationships fun and
making change for children those are the
three things that I would you know bet
this program on I mean this is this is
what we're all about